Change default logo alt text (#1472)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/branding.rst

screen readers:

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: conf.py

   html_theme_options = {
       "logo": {
           # Because the logo is also a homepage link, including "home" in the
           # alt text is good practice
           "alt_text": "My awesome documentation - Home",
           "image_light": "_static/logo-light.png",
           "image_dark": "_static/logo-dark.png",
       }
   }

In most cases, you will provide either ``text`` or ``alt_text``, not both, but
there are some circumstances in which it may make sense to provide both:

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: conf.py

   html_theme_options = {
       "logo": {
           # In a left-to-right context, screen readers will read the alt text
           # first, then the text, so this example will be read as "P-G-G-P-Y
           # (short pause) Home A pretty good geometry package"
           "alt_text": "PggPy - Home",
           "text": "A pretty good geometry package",
           "image_light": "_static/logo-light.png",
           "image_dark": "_static/logo-dark.png",
       }
   }

If you do not provide ``text`` or ``alt_text``, the theme will provide some

> default alt text. (Otherwise, your homepage link would appear to assistive tech
> as something like "Unlabeled image.") By default, the theme will set logo image
> alt text to "`docstitle
> <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/development/templating.html#docstitle>`_ -
> Home" unless you provide a logo title (``text``), in which case the theme sets
> the alt text to the empty string. (The assumption is that if you provide a logo
> title, the title is probably doing the work of the alt text.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default alt text (otherwise, your homepage link would appear to assistive tech
as something like "Unlabeled image"). The default alt text is "`docstitle
<https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/development/templating.html#docstitle>`_ -
Home", but if you provide a logo title (``text``) the default alt text will be an
empty string (the assumption is that if you provide a logo title, the title is
probably doing the work of the alt text, and as shown above, you can override
this assumption by supplying both ``text`` and ``alt_text``).
```

       }
   }

Add a logo title
----------------

To add a title in the brand section of your documentation, define a value for ``html_theme_options.logo["text"]``.
This title will appear next to the logo image if set.

.. code-block:: python

   html_theme_options = {
       "logo": {
           "text": "My awesome documentation",
       }
   }

> .. note:: The ``html_title`` field will work as well if no logo images are specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Sphinx's standard ``html_title`` variable in ``conf.py`` will work as well if no logo images are specified.
```

(`html_title` is not a field of `html_theme_options['logo']`)

> Customize logo alternative text

Author: I moved this section below the logo title because I'm thinking that with the new default behavior the theme consumer may have no reason to change the default alt text value.

-------------------------------

> Adding a descriptive ``alt text`` can help make your documentation more accessible to readers using screen readers or other assistive tech.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a descriptive ``alt text`` can help make your documentation more accessible to people using screen readers or other assistive tech.
```

> By default, the theme will set ``alt text`` to ``<Your Project Name> - Home`` unless you provide a logo title, in which case the theme sets the ``alt text`` to the empty string. The assumption is that if you provide a logo title, the title is probably doing the work of the alt text.

Author: I agree. There are a few layers here, though, that I'm not totally familiar with. In the Jinja template, it's `f"{docstitle} - Home"`, and my understanding is that `docstitle` is `html_title`, which the Sphinx docs say is:

[> The “title” for HTML documentation generated with Sphinx’s own templates. This is appended to the `<title>` tag of individual pages, and used in the navigation bar as the “topmost” element. It defaults to `'<project> v<revision> documentation'`.](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-html_title)

So perhaps this section should read:

```suggestion
By default, the theme will set ``alt text`` to ``[<docstitle>](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/development/templating.html#docstitle) - Home`` unless you provide a logo title, in which case the theme sets the ``alt text`` to the empty string. The assumption is that if you provide a logo title, the title is probably doing the work of the alt text.
```

> By default, the theme will set ``alt text`` to ``<Your Project Name> - Home`` unless you provide a logo title, in which case the theme sets the ``alt text`` to the empty string. The assumption is that if you provide a logo title, the title is probably doing the work of the alt text.

Reviewer: FYI I've edited the suggestion to make `docstitle` render as a link to its documentation. We lose the `<>` around `docstitle` but I think the intent will still be clear.

However, if you don't like the default values, you may set a custom ``alt text`` for your logo.

To do so, customize the ``html_theme_options["logo"]["alt_text"]`` configuration option as in the following example:

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: conf.py

   html_theme_options = {
       "logo": {
           # Because the logo is also a homepage link, including "home" in the alt text is good practice

>            "alt_text": "My Project Name - Home",

Author: Good point. Hmm. This would result in assistive tech representing the link as "PggPy - Home A pretty good geometry package."

I think that this section of the docs needs to be rewritten to provide a handful of examples (maybe a couple ones marked good and a couple marked bad).

That was something I was planning to do in a follow-up PR.

>            "alt_text": "My Project Name - Home",

Reviewer: does it help if default is "Home - pkgname" instead of "pkgname - Home"?

>            "alt_text": "My Project Name - Home",

Author: After examining logo alt text on a few sites, such as [pac.bz](https://www.pac.bz/), [tink.uk](https://tink.uk/), [sarasoueidan.com](https://www.sarasoueidan.com/), and [w3.org](https://w3.org), I do not think there's a clear consensus on how to do this. 

So I think, ultimately, what we have is fine.
